[docs] EAS Build configurable build environment (#11845)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/eas-json.md

- `releaseChannel` is the release channel for the `expo-updates` package ([Learn more about this](../distribution/release-channels.md)). If you do not specify a channel, your binary will pull releases from the `default` channel. If you do not use `expo-updates` in your project then this property will have no effect.
- `distribution` is the flow of distributing your app. If you choose `internal` you'll be able to share your build URLs with anyone, and they will be able to install the builds to their devices straight from the Expo website. When using `internal`, make sure the `gradleCommand` produces an APK file (e.g. `:app:assembleRelease`). Otherwise, the sharable URL will be useless. The default is `store` which means your build URLs won't be sharable. [Learn more about internal distribution](internal-distribution.md).
- `image` - image with build environment. [Learn more about it here](../build-reference/infrastructure).
- `node` - version of Node.js

> - `yarn` - version of yarn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `yarn` - version of Yarn
```

unlike npm this is actually capitalized

- `ndk` - version of Android NDK

> - `env` - environment variables that should be set during the build process (should be only used for public values).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `env` - environment variables that should be set during the build process (should only be used for values that you would commit to your git repository, i.e: not passwords or secrets).
```

just to be super clear about what we mean re: "public"

- `releaseChannel` is the release channel for the `expo-updates` package ([Learn more about this](../distribution/release-channels.md)). If you do not specify a channel, your binary will pull releases from the `default` channel. If you do not use `expo-updates` in your project then this property will have no effect.
- `distribution` is the flow of distributing your app. If you choose `internal` you'll be able to share your build URLs with anyone, and they will be able to install the builds to their devices straight from the Expo website. The default is `store` which means your build URLs won't be sharable. [Learn more about internal distribution](internal-distribution.md).
- `image` - image with build environment. [Learn more about it here](../build-reference/infrastructure).
- `node` - version of Node.js

> - `yarn` - version of yarn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `yarn` - version of Yarn
```

- `fastlane` - version of fastlane
- `cocoapods` - version of CocoaPods

> - `env` - environment variables that should be set during the build process (should be only used for public values).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `env` - environment variables that should be set during the build process (should only be used for values that you would commit to your git repository, i.e: not passwords or secrets).
```
